How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Puts emphasis on how one miniscule problem can be a pain to find within simple or complex code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It gives insight into how the project has changed over time and may offer answers to current 
	problems based on what was added or subtracted to the project or document over time.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros are it gives the programmer the ability to commit to a saved version that has some 
	meaning the con is the programmer may forget to commit and save an important part of a program.
	
	The pros and cons of having a program save for the user is that it ensures that every change made
	to that program will be saved instantly but also means that a programmer may not be able to identify
	a specific version of the program.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think because of the way each program is made for specific people and purposes, git seems to be
	more taylored for program writers while google docs is more for people who write and work with 
	documents.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    The git log command can give you a view of all versions that have been committed to while the git
	diff command can help point out changes made between specific versions of programs.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It gives the programmer the security in knowing if something that has changed broke something in 
	the main program the programmer can always revert to previous versions to see what has changed.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here